Q2Graph is a simple canvas for modelling and manipulating of generalised quantum
graph states.

Q2Graph is a Qt5 Graphics View architecture.

The Q2Graph user may add, move or change a node ('vertex') or add/remove an
interaction ('edge') between the node and another node, using a small set of
keystrokes and mouse clicks.

Opening the Q2Graph application will reveal a white canvas space within grey 
borders; a limited dropdown menu bar is also visible.  All graph operations are
restricted to the canvas space.


graph operations:
   The following keystrokes will determine the outcome of the subsequent mouse
   click(s).  
   The keystroke letter appears as a label that will track your cursor.
   Note, if the letter is still visible, you have not completed the requested
   operation.

   e - Edge, is a two mouse-clicks operation.
      first, left-click on your choice of first vertex then, left-click on your
      choice of second vertex.
      A limited context menu is available by right-clicking on an edge.

   o - Local Complementation (LC), left-click on your choice of target vertex to
      LC the neighbouring vertices of the target vertex.

   v - Vertex, left-click to place a new vertex at any position within the 
      canvas.
      You may drag-and-drop a vertex, which will also resize any associated
      edges.
      A limited context menu is available by right-clicking on a vertex.

   local Pauli measurements (LPM):
   x - is a two mouse-clicks operation.
      The first left-click on a vertex sets it as target vertex 1 and LCs the 
      neighbouring vertices.

      Those vertices eligible to be set as target vertex 2 will change colour 
      to green.

      The second left-click on one of the green vertices sets it as target
      vertex 2; the following actions will then execute: 
         - LC the neighbouring vertices of vertex 2, then
	 - a second LC on the neighbouring vertices of vertex 1, and
	 - a Z-LPM on vertex 1. 

   y - left-click on a vertex to set it as the target and LC the neighbouring
      vertices; a Z-LPM on the target vertex completes the operation.

   z - left-click on a vertex to delete it and its edges. 


Save and load graphs:
   A graph may be saved to or loaded from file.

   A file must be saved in .json format.

   Q2Graph does not read .txt files (yet!).


